AT&amp;T : Hello! How may I help you today?

Bettie : Thank you for contacting AT&T, my name is Bettie. How can I help you today?

Me : my internet suddenly stopped working

Bettie : I apologize for the inconvenience. I can help you get this issue resolved.

Bettie : I’ll look into this for you right away.

Bettie : First, may I ask a few questions so we can resolve your issue?

Me : sure

Bettie : May I get a mobile telephone number that we may use to reach you via phone or text with information about your AT&T services?

Me : my phone numbr linked to this account is 4254959849. But if you need to call me for this issue, please call me on 5126950266

Bettie : Your number will only be used for informational and service related messages regarding your AT&T services.

Bettie : If you are a non-AT&T wireless customer, text message rates and other charges may apply depending on your plan and provider.

Bettie : Should I update the number you gave me as your primary contact number on the account?

Me : no please don't change any number on the account

Bettie : Sure.

Bettie : To better assist you, I need a few minutes to run a line test.

Me : sure

Bettie : Thank you.

Bettie : Would it be possible for you to walk up to the modem and check the broadband light if it is solid green>

Me : its blinking red

Bettie : Okay, thank you.

Bettie : There is a problem in the network line providing service in the area.

Bettie : I can dispatch a technician to resolve this issue. There is no charge for the technician visit if the trouble is found in the AT&T network or equipment. If the problem is found inside your premises and the technician fixes your issue, you will be charged a $99 flat rate for the repair. However, any charges will be discussed by the technician.

Bettie : Will that be okay?

Me : If the technician finds that the issue is within the premises, will the technician inform me first so I can decide whether I want the issue fixed by AT&T?

Bettie : Absolutely.

Me : and there is no charge for the diagnosis?

Bettie : Not at all.

Me : ok, please do dispatch a technician

Bettie : Sure.

Bettie : The earliest appointment available is on Sunday, between 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM.

Me : that is tomorrow? That'll work

Bettie : Sure, let me schedule it for you.

Me : thanks

Bettie : In case we need to reach you on the day of your appointment, what would be the best telephone number to call?

Me : 4254959849

Bettie : Thank you.

Me : sure

Bettie : I have scheduled your appointment for February 14, 2016. An AT&T technician will arrive as late as 4:00 PM or as early as 1:00 PM.

Bettie : Your service call may take 2-4 hours after arrival to resolve the issue.

Bettie : If the technician needs to contact you prior to arrival on the day of the Service Call, we will call you at 4254959849.

Me : sounds good

Bettie : You will receive a text message within 30 minutes with your appointment details. It will have a link to a tool that allows you to confirm your dispatch status.

Bettie : Is there anything else I can assist you with today?

Me : did your line test test service to my house or the area in general?

Bettie : Line coming towards the house.

Me : Unit 18 at 38627 cherry lane?

Bettie : May be or the device on the pole?

Me : ok

Bettie : Is there anything else I can assist you with today?

Me : nothing else. Thank you

Bettie : It has been my pleasure chatting with you today.

Bettie : Thank you for choosing AT&T, we appreciate your business. Need assistance in the future? Find troubleshooting tips/trick with our mobile app at att.com/myattapp on your smartphone browser. You may click the "Close" button in the chat window to close this chat.
